Coding is not all about writing lines of code. It is als about how to think and make pieces of code fit together. 

MODULES
Modules are an important aspect of any robust application's architecture
Modules keep the units of code for a project both cleanly separated and organised.
Modules encapsulate some data into privacy and expose other data publicly.
Lesson 5
How to ue the module pattern
More about private and public data, encapsulation and separation of concerns.
Modules are used to keep pieces of code that are related together inside separate and independent and organised units. 
there will be variables and functions only inside the module and so no other code can override the code. It is going to be safe. 
In modules, asides private methods, we will also have public methods that other functions or modules can access and use them. This is called data encapsulation. 
Data encapsulation allows us to hide the implemtation details of a specific module from the outside scope so we only expose a public interface. This is sometimes called an API
 AN IIFE is an anonymous function wrapped in parentheses

 Lesson 6 
 How to set up event listeners for keypress events 
 How to use event objects

 Keycodes are used for keypresses when we want to specify the key we want an action for. Older browsers dont use keycode they use which. 

 lesson 7
 Learn to read input from different data types

 Lesson 8 
 How to create an initialisation function

 lesson 9
 How to choose function constructors that meet our applications needs
 How to set up a proper data structure for our budget controller

 lesson 10 
 How to add conflict in our data structures
 how and why to pass data from one module to the other

 lesson 11
 To learn a technique for adding big chunks of HTML into DOM

 How to replace parts of strings

 How to do DOM manipulation using the insertAdjacentHTML method.

 lesson 12
 How to clear HTML fields
 how to use querySelectorAll
 how to convert a list to an array
 A better way to loop over an array then for loops: foreach. 


 lesson 13
 How to convert field inputs to numbers and 
 how to prevent false inputs.
 

 It is important to write a testing method to test and expose some internal data and see that it conforms to the standard you are looking for. 


 Lesson 14
 How and why to create simple reusable functions with only one purpose. 
 How to sum all the elements of an array using the forEach method. 

 Lesson 15 
 Practice DOM manipulation in the user interface by updating the budget and total values. 

 Lesson 17
 Event Delegation is used when we have an element with lots of child elements that we are interested in. 
 and when we want an event handler that is attached to an element not yet in the DOM when our page is loaded. 

 Lesson 18
 How to use event delegation in Practice
How to use ids in html to connect the UI with the data model 
How to use the parentNode property for DOM traversing. 

Lesson 19
Methods to loop over an array: map (We already did forEach)
How to remove elements from an array using the splice method.

Lesson 20 
how to remove an element with more DOM manipulation 


Lesson 23
how to make our budget controller interact with the Expense prototype. 

lesson 24 
How to create foreach functions for nodelists instead of arrays. 

lesson 25 
How to use different string methods to manipulate strings

toFixed puts decimal places as we would like

Lesson 26 
We will display the date using the date constructor